Adapt Razor runtime compilation guidance to changes made in ASP.NET Core 3.1 (#17777)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/views/view-compilation.md

1. Select either the **Web Application** or the **Web Application (Model-View-Controller)** project template.
1. Select the **Enable Razor runtime compilation** check box.

# [.NET Core CLI](#tab/netcore-cli)

Use the `-rrc` or `--razor-runtime-compilation` template option. For example, the following command creates a new Razor Pages project with runtime compilation enabled:

```dotnetcli
dotnet new webapp --razor-runtime-compilation
```

---

## Enable runtime compilation to existing project

To enable runtime compilation for all environments in an existing project:

1. Install the [Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.RuntimeCompilation](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.RuntimeCompilation/) NuGet package.
1. Update the project's `Startup.ConfigureServices` method to include a call to <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.RazorRuntimeCompilationMvcBuilderExtensions.AddRazorRuntimeCompilation*>. For example:

    ```csharp
    public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
    {
        services.AddRazorPages()
            .AddRazorRuntimeCompilation();

        // code omitted for brevity
    }
    ```

> ## Conditionally enable runtime compilation in existing project

Author: Nice suggestions. Thank you for taking a look!

Runtime compilation can be enabled such that it's only available for local development. Conditionally enabling in this manner ensures that the published output:

* Uses compiled views.

> * Is smaller in size.

Reviewer: I would remove this line. It was the one side-effect we couldn't fix with this implementation

* Doesn't enable file watchers in production.

To enable runtime compilation only in the Development environment:

1. Install the [Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.RuntimeCompilation](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.RuntimeCompilation/) NuGet package.
1. Modify the launch profile `environmentVariables` section in *launchSettings.json*:
    * Set the `ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT` environment variable to `Development`.
    * Set the `ASPNETCORE_HOSTINGSTARTUPASSEMBLIES` environment variable to the runtime compilation assembly name.

In the following example, runtime compilation is enabled in the Development environment for the `IIS Express` and `RazorPagesApp` launch profiles:

[!code-json[](~/mvc/views/view-compilation/samples/3.1/launchSettings.json?highlight=15-16,24-25)]

> No code is needed in the project's `Startup` class. At runtime, ASP.NET Core searches for an [assembly-level HostingStartup attribute](xref:fundamentals/configuration/platform-specific-configuration#hostingstartup-attribute) in `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.RuntimeCompilation`&mdash;the assembly specified by the `ASPNETCORE_HOSTINGSTARTUPASSEMBLIES` environment variable. The `HostingStartup` attribute specifies the app startup code to execute. That startup code enables runtime compilation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No code changes are needed in the project's `Startup` class. At runtime, ASP.NET Core searches for an [assembly-level HostingStartup attribute](xref:fundamentals/configuration/platform-specific-configuration#hostingstartup-attribute) in `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.RuntimeCompilation`&mdash;the assembly specified by the `ASPNETCORE_HOSTINGSTARTUPASSEMBLIES` environment variable. The `HostingStartup` attribute specifies the app startup code to execute. That startup code enables runtime compilation.
```

> No code is needed in the project's `Startup` class. At runtime, ASP.NET Core searches for an [assembly-level HostingStartup attribute](xref:fundamentals/configuration/platform-specific-configuration#hostingstartup-attribute) in `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.RuntimeCompilation`&mdash;the assembly specified by the `ASPNETCORE_HOSTINGSTARTUPASSEMBLIES` environment variable. The `HostingStartup` attribute specifies the app startup code to execute. That startup code enables runtime compilation.

Reviewer 2: per style guide, avoid mdash
plus the sentence is too long to MT
It's easy to split into two sentences, but I'm not sure you need specified by the `ASPNETCORE_HOSTINGSTARTUPASSEMBLIES` environment variable
